I've gotten so used to it, it's so hard to look back.
One thing I go maybe in retrospect,
I couldn't imagine not being married to Sad Yogi,
I would not be married otherwise.
I only want to be married to Sad Yogi and only to Alan.
So because we have learned many lessons of the past
and the marriage has evolved and we found out things about each other,
especially about ourselves through the process,
that were invaluable and for me it only has to be with Sad Yogi
to be able to share every Sadhic experience
with someone who is right there.
This is absolutely a privilege.
I can't thank him enough for that.
And for his patience to listen to me when I go on and on.
In his manly fashion he wants to be short and brief,
I sometimes go on.
So these are little things but they are very entertaining also.
For instance, lately I have to tell him,
I'm so grateful because how we complement each other.
For instance, in the beginning I didn't know this.
In the beginning I thought,
oh, Alan is also calm and detached and nothing can move him.
Whereas I was more bubbly and I had a bit more temperamental perhaps.
Yeah, so there.
Now I think, thank God I have him like a soundboard
to witness my things and then we all come down again nicely.
This is just an example that I, over the years,
I didn't see this at the beginning.
I thought, my goodness, he's such a yogi but he's not so emotional.
He's so, whereas I am, so now I know for sure this is very, very good
for both of us to balance each other and we enjoy this
and find it quite humorous most of the time.
So...
And which year was that?
Which year did you get married?
All right, so we got married in 1987.
Let's go back to that point.
Why it happened, I have to say at that time,
it was quite a different situation for me.
In 1987, I was...
No, that was 87, 86, I was still married.
That was my first...
To someone else.
Of course, to someone else.
I said, what do you think?
It was a Sahaj marriage.
I wasn't involved.
Shimata never asked me anything.
It was organized by others.
Then when Shimata...
And also I had a small child.
So in 86, and that small child was at that time about a year old.
So in 1986, Shimataji came to Vienna.
She called me to her room.
I had no idea what to expect.
There were other Sahaja yogis in the room.
She asked me a few questions about that first marriage.
And then she said to me,
you know, I think it's better to divorce.
And that took me completely by surprise.
I had never asked for that.
I had never talked to anyone about this first marriage,
except to one person.
Because I don't want to go into details now,
but that's what happened.
So Shimataji helped me there in front of witnesses.
She dissolved that first marriage.
And I did not ask for it.
I was completely surprised.
But inside of me, I knew it was the right thing.
And at the same...
Her same state, a day later, a day later,
she looked at me and gave me direct advice.
Well, she didn't say what she said.
Okay, she said, you know, there are many good Sahaja yogis,
many good husbands in Sahaja yoga.
And that... Okay, why does she say that?
And she said it twice, directly in my face.
And that really startled me,
because I've never...
This was all very overwhelming for me, this procedure.
I didn't have time to think.
But I had been the help of brothers and sisters
who gently coaxed me to put my name on the marriage list again,
which I've never done, never without all these experiences.
So I said, okay, well...
But of course, now I had a child.
And so just...
Just...
I did get put my name on the marriage list.
Yes, then I got divorced.
So in India then, Shimataji matched me to Alan.
And there I was, I didn't talk to her.
She didn't talk to me in India personally at all.
And when I came, of course, I have different backgrounds
than many other yogis who went there for the first time to get married.
So in my heart was just, if it is meant to be,
please, this Sahaja Yogi who will be solid and who will be kind to my daughter
and who will accept her unreservedly.
That was my wish.
From then on, we can manage.
And so I got introduced to Alan.
I'm sure, brothers, I can't remember.
It was a bit exciting.
Someone put us in front of each other.
Edward Socks did.
Oh, it was Edward Socks.
He was very excited.
Very excited.
So again, I looked at him and I said, well, I didn't feel anything different.
I can't say it when I saw Alan for the first time.
It was, uh-huh, OK.
Like there was nothing deeply exploding in myself.
But we got a little time to talk and I wanted to feel him out,
how he felt about sucking on my daughter.
And that really reassured me that he was very fine, very good, very nice.
So I said, wow.
So that convinced me on a level that, well, this is a husband I want
because he accepts my daughter.
And who was that?
And I felt he was honest there.
And so we took it from there.
I tell you, it was such an intense time.
All these things happening that I can't really remember many details.
They would come back to me, of course, how we had to treat each other at the ceremony,
how we had to write poetry about each other.
I was told we were the greatest poets.
But anyway, so in general, in a nutshell, for me, it was just the beginning
of an evolving, very beautiful story.
And that I now every day appreciate more.
And I don't know why things happen the way they did.
I have no idea.
At least it's all in traumatically loving hearts.
I don't need to know everything.
But now it's good.
And the main thing, we have two more children.
They have been inside, they have been brought up.
They now take hiatus and they are not currently involved,
and involved in Sahaja Yoga.
They respect all the Sahaja Yogis.
And I hope it will go on many, many years.
That's the main thing.
Nice.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, a little background.
I came to Sahaja Yoga in the fall of 1985.
I'm sorry.
Pardon me?
No?
Okay.
I came in the fall of 1985.
I was in Sahaja Yoga for about three months.
Then I moved into the ashram in January.
And then the following year in December, I left for the India tour.
So I was actually the only Canadian that was on the whole tour there at the time.
So I felt I found the tour to be interesting because I didn't know what to expect.
Everything was new.
Everything was fresh.
Of course, there were times when the vibrations were wonderful.
And there were times when it was more difficult.
People were tough.
You'd get sick, you'd yell.
And then, of course, I had my name on the marriage list.
I remember the leader at that time said, maybe I want to wait another year.
And I said, no, I want my name on the list this year.
I went there and we got matched.
And as Edward Sogstead introduced us together.
And I guess like a lot of people from the West, I had my own fair share of conditioning.
And I mean, expectations.
It's one thing to say that you are detached and you will accept whoever Shri Mataji marries you to.
It's another thing to deal with the reality.
So like Inga said, when I first saw her, I didn't feel one way or the other, whether this person or not that I should marry.
I just sort of took a wait and see.
But I do remember distinctly that I was quite happy about the fact that she had a child.
So, yeah, I mean, I've always really liked all children for that matter.
I like that.
But especially little girls, because I knew that my family, the dominant tendency was just for boys as well.
So I thought, okay, to get a little girl, that's nice.
And the idea or concept that it's someone else's child never took hold of me.
For some reason, I felt, okay, yeah, they're all God's children.
And it doesn't matter who biologically they came from.
The main thing about children is you just love them and you experience the love they have to give.
So we went along.
I had my up periods and I had my down periods.
But much like Inga was saying in retrospect, you see clearly all the reasons Srimadaji had for putting me together.
And I am very thankful to Srimadaji for matching me with Inga,
because my one main concern was having a strong ill-being by my side in my life.
And this is the one thing she's always been.
She's been a real rock there.
She had more experience in sahaja matters than I did.
And I think that she has such strong positive qualities that I can really see helped me to balance and offset my imbalances as well.
So that we're very happy.
And I mean, other than that, we had a very traditional marriage that at least for sahaja at that time, we got a khatikule.
And we rode on the grooms all rode on bullock carts in before.
So do a cart.
And we had the sheets of the fire and all the rest of the vibrations were, of course, wonderful.
Whenever I put my attention on the vibrations, they were very good for us to be as a match.
So I thought, OK.
And then I remember very distinctly, Sharmataji talking before the marriages actually took place.
And there was all of us that were matched and some people refused the match.
I remember somewhere around two or three women declined.
And boy, oh boy, I was really glad I accepted because Sharmataji really gave it to them left and right.
And I know the other thing, of course, I had some doubts and I know I'm not the only groom like that.
I've seen men faint when they were announced their marriage is as far as that goes.
Because it is, you know, you just face all this stuff in yourself and it has very little to do with the person.
It's just facing your own stuff.
But I also remember very distinctly that I had some very powerful, rocky brothers,
people like Greg Warr and leaders, this country and that country and so ever.
And they're all coming up to me, yeah, congratulations.
This will be a very good match.
And, you know, I felt like it would be nice to discuss things in general without having people just telling me this, this, this, encouraging.
But all said and done, like I say, Felicity mentioned it, that you see a lot of the reasons inside.
And it's the inside things that really count.
It's mainly, is this person a good yogini and is it someone that will love you and look after you and vice versa?
And someone that's a good mother for your children?
All of these qualities that are not found in today's society very much that you see in the gift that Sharmaji gave you.
So, yeah.
And then, oh, we got married again.
We had a second marriage.
I believe it, I don't know if it's called an Aryan Samaj.
But we were married legally in a Hindu ceremony that was arranged, which was, yeah, a bit strange, you know, because that would give us the legal paperwork that we needed in order to have Inga come to America.
So a lot of, I don't know if they've done that very many times.
I haven't heard of anyone else.
Kind of a funny little incident.
There was a woman there who, at any rate, so yeah, we had that ceremony.
And so we got married in January and somewhere in May, I believe Inga was able to make it.
So it was really quick to immigrate into Canada.
But I would not recommend any Aryan Samaj wedding.
It was only adding complications.
In the end, I had to be a bride to be sent to India so that they sent the certificate.
I hope the bride was worthy to hear.
So anyway, this is the site.
I don't think this happens afterwards ever again.
Oh, we had a honeymoon, which is great.
Yeah, we did.
That was actually nice.
You wanted to send it on a honeymoon.
That's true.
In India, in the hotel.
It was strange.
You sit there and look at each other.
It was interesting.
You got room service.
You could order whatever you want.
And your dobi actually came back cleaner than when you sent it out.
So I remember those little things.
But it's sure an adventure, and I can only recommend it.
You have to go with it.
You have to go forward.
It'll work out.
So interesting.
Yes.
Each year, each marriage and each marriage ceremony has been so different.
Thank you so much.
Very nice.
And so I think we should quickly go on to our last speaker for the evening.
Victoria.
So can we have you on the camera, Victoria?
Yes.
Let's hear from you.
I can't hear you.
Are you muted?
I was saying, I just want to know what happened to the 12th groom who didn't have a horse.
Did he have to run behind the other horses, or did he double up with someone else?
But I'm sure we'll get there.
No, he didn't double up.
They were very skinny horses.
They weren't looking very healthy.
I can't remember.
I have to ask Richard.
He used to look up me, but everybody got there.
Everybody got there.
Excellent.
Yeah, so I guess mine kind of fits a little bit.
Later, it was 91, and I was still rather new in Sahaj.
Had not put my name on the list, and somehow had just heard a talk before going to India,
which was the Pappach talk about how dare anyone say no to anyone I would match them
with to be married in Sahaj.
I don't know if anyone had heard that, but it was really a blast.
It was like 40 minutes of that.
And so for that and other reasons, I just thought, I just want to meditate.
I don't want to be putting my attention on that.
So I went on the tour without that intention.
Then one fine day, I woke up and thought, oh, this left Nabi.
It's never going to clear.
I guess I should get married.
But kind of envisioning a life of suffering and tapas, because that's what I sort of thought
Sahaj marriage was at that point, because I had only met couples who were rather suffering
tapas type of couples, and thought, OK, I'll just throw my lot in.
And yeah, so put my name down rather late, as we really discourage people to do.
And as the Divine, this is always about how Shri Mataji finds exactly the thing for your
ascent, for your understanding and widening as a person.
And so for me, it was the year you weren't supposed to say no.
She matched me with someone who was kind of a crazy person.
And obviously not really.
Well, who was I to say, but didn't seem like a Sahaj Yogi to me.
So there I was matched with this gentleman.
And she sent us off sort of the window of the car rolled down.
And I think it was Yogi Mahajan who said, have you decided yet?
And we had literally just been announced, like I hadn't even met the person.
You have 24 hours kind of wagging a finger.
And I think Shri Mataji was in the back of the car.
And so off we went to, you know, get to know each other, etc.
So, yeah, to try to squeeze it into the time, the allotted time, I would just say I felt
there's no way I could marry this person.
And yet I can't say no to Shri Mataji.
So there's the situation.
I find myself in.
And then the next morning I woke up feeling, OK, come what may, you know, whether I get
thrown out of Sahaj, I just I just can't really marry this person.
It just doesn't feel like a Sahaj Yogi.
And so he said, oh, if you want to say no, that's great.
But you have to be the one to tell.
Because I already got in trouble for saying no to a foreigner.
You know, I don't particularly want to marry you either.
But, you know, I don't want to get the heat for it.
So he kind of packed me up on a jeep or a rickshaw or something and sent me off to the
ACDC huts where Shri Mataji was staying, you know, trembling all the way.
And then I arrived there and someone was just coming out of the place Shri Mataji was
staying. And, you know, what do you want kind of thing?
And I said, um, I just wanted to see Shri Mataji.
Oh, she's resting. You know, what do you want?
I said, I'm just kind of saying no to the match.
And he said, oh, Shri Mataji cancelled that ages ago.
She said he's not a Sahaj Yogi.
And she'll find you a nice tall boy or something like that.
Because earlier there was one other Maya where I was on stage.
There was four of us called up at the same time and she was kind of mixing and matching.
And I was next to one boy and the leader at the time said, oh, but Shri Mataji, these two
like each other and they know each other already.
And she said, OK.
And then that found me next to the very short boy.
So she said, you're very tall, aren't you?
And hence the I'll find you a nice tall boy comment.
So, yeah.
So then it was the night before the weddings.
There was no more announcements as such.
They were just throwing a last call for buying a wedding.
Sorry. And I thought, well, you know, I'll just go ask, I guess.
So I popped down and asked someone at the side of the stage, do you know if there's any, you know, going to be any more announcements or like just wondering if I should buy a sari or not?
And they said, oh, haven't you met Christian?
Like as if it was common knowledge that I was matched.
Haven't you met Christian?
Said no. And.
And then someone ran off to get Christian and Shri Mataji kind of beckoned for me to come up on the stage and.
Was sort of showing some saris and and then Christian arrived and we have two versions of how it happened.
My version is she looked at me when he came and said, I chose this match myself.
And his version is her pointing to a sari and saying, I chose these saris myself.
So whichever one fits into your memory better.
So for me, but it was because there was another Maya of a leader arranging a match and that didn't really happen.
And so for me, that was just the last the last little stamp of approval from the Divine.
And so.
Yeah.
Yeah, we met and of course it was yes, right away, the weddings were the next day.
So there wasn't much time to think.
And then just the last little thing I remember is.
We were sitting after the marriages, we were sitting on those kind of steps made out of mud or whatever and that in particular, the kind of the rise.
And we were, you know, some steps back, definitely not within hearing distance.
And all of a sudden I just heard Shri Mataji say, Victoria.
And like I looked up and she was doing that with her hand, like come up here.
And I did that thing of like looking all around.
And but she definitely said my name.
So I sort of hopped down the steps and went up and went to her feet.
And she leaned over, kind of said, I just wanted to tell you that your shawl is on inside out.
Like, you know, those shawls where the embroidery is only on one side and it's all kind of loose threads on the other.
So she said, I just want to tell you your shawl is on the wrong way.
You know, it's your wedding day.
I want you to look your best.
And which was so sweet.
And again, that personal attention.
And we were one of, at the time, one of the most photographed couples ever.
It was just somehow everyone, Christiane, knew had a camera and they were all at every angle, your nose, your ear, your everything.
And she also finished with like, I hope someone was there to take pictures of you.
So many other stories.
I also met my beautiful mother-in-law on that very occasion.
And yeah, so much, very beautiful memories.
And again, just the mother always finding what you need and when you need it.
And with all the grace and the love as well.
Yeah.
I just want to say, Victoria, it's resonating with me.
I don't know if you remember, but I was with you on that tour.
I do remember some of those little things that happened to you.
I mean, we don't see each other much now, but sometimes, you know, when we used to get together, we'd hear little things that had been, I don't remember all of it, but I was with you on that tour.
Oh, yay.
Yeah.
I saw you get married and it was wonderful.
Well, nice to see you.
Yeah, nice to see you.
Yes, very beautiful stories.
It's really talking about marriages.
I think it comes out so much from the heart.
It's been very, very nice hearing all these stories and nice to see Marie-Louise.
Yes.
So with that, we conclude.
The session and for next month, we have.
Yes.
And October, we will be meeting again and any other couples or any other people would like to share their wedding stories.
That would be very nice.
Yes, we have we may have written record, but oral records, they have their own value.
You know, the feelings come forth.
It's really so precious.
We are recording them and we will see how we will share them.
So we can conclude.
Is there anyone else who would like to make comment or ask any questions?
Hi, there's a question in the chat.
When is the next session and how do we get the link?
So we have a question.
Yes, I have a question.
When is the next session and how do we get the link?
OK, so the next session, these sessions are always on the second Wednesday of every month.
The links are posted on this early Yogi's group connect chat group.
And you can also send these invitations to other established Yogi's as many established Yogi's who would like to attend and listen to these.
Beautiful, very precious stories.
You're welcome to come by and join these sessions.
So just a question.
So if somebody is not on that group.
Yes.
So I just sent my phone number to the lady, a sister from Macedonia and any one of us.
I just put my number so you can contact us and we can add you to the cosmos and the bigger group.
Maybe somebody is new and not in the group yet.
So welcome.
And we are hoping to expand and hoping to have more brothers also.
It was so nice to hear in both of you.
So looking forward to more stories because it shows the complementarity and how the Param Chaitanya through Sri through the Adi Shakti knows.
How to balance out and get.
So I think it would be wonderful to actually have we've had in the past both husband and wife.
Yes.
So please spread the word and just any of us.
I put my number through me.
You could connect to any of us and then you'll get all the you'll be part of the this group.
Yes.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
So open up.
And then you need making abandon and say good night to those in Europe and for us.
Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
Wonderful.
Thank you.
Beautiful meeting.
Thank you, everybody.
That's wonderful stories.
Good night.
Thank you.